
I consider all sketches using such contributed library belonging there because one needs the library to be able to run your code, even if the question isn't related directly to the library. It can be argued over, but I think if your question isn't dependent on the said library, you should make a simpler version without it, so that people can concentrate on the problem itself.

Programming Questions section is to ask questions about a precise code.
Generic questions, like "Is it possible to do this in Processing?" go to the General Questions section.
When answered and some code is tried, you can then ask more precise questions in the Programming Questions section.

Problems specific to a given system belongs more to Integration & Hardware. Although it is a bit arbitrary in this case, Serial is sitting half-way between software & hardware. But this is clearly not a direct issue with the library itself.
I also tend to move here topics about exported sketches (as, again, it doesn't seem to be a programming issue).



Note that most of us cannot use your large code to try and experiment, as it needs a specific library, errr, lot of libraries, and a Twitter account, and a developer key, etc.
Your problem somehow belongs to Programming Questions, but because of the nature of the code, it ends to Contributes Questions because of the issue above.
I know it is time consuming, but perhaps you can make a smaller sketch with no dependencies (taking a few strings from an array for example), that can be run easily, and allowing to concentrate on the specific problem.

BTW, try and make more descriptive (but terse) subject lines (think: "newspaper headline"). All messages in Xxx Questions sections of the forum ask for help, imagine searching a given thread in a forum made moslty of messages like "Help me", "Heeelp" or similar...



https://forum.processing.org/topic/help-with-my-fish-game-thank-you
Also, the deletion of such threads was motivated by the fact, as often in this case, that it is a school work, and the person was afraid to get a bad grade for asking for help here.
I believe there are two kind of homework help asked here:
- the bad way, pasting the homework text and asking (more or less directly) to do the job for them. Of course, this is usually declined, in favor of asking to do some work first, and offering help on the difficult parts;
- the good way, as here, making most of the job, being blocked on some parts, asking for help on these parts.
It seems legitimate here, it is similar to ask for help for co-students or co-workers, it is part of real life coding activity.
Now, I recommend to ask the teacher first, perhaps giving similar explanations. If the teacher is firmly opposed to this practice... just don't do it, perhaps as to co-students. But I believe teachers shouldn't prohibit such behavior. But they can ask to see the threads...



http://wiki.processing.org/w/How_do_I_display_a_message_for_a_few_seconds%3F



Request to be an Administrator

I send this letter to a number of chosen Processing forum users (using the PM because Zoho doesn't allow to see the real e-mail addresses, even for administrators...). Sorry for making a generic letter...

You have been chosen because of your activity on the forum. Not only you are often posting answers there, with the will to help people, but also you (probably) reported spam regularly.
Presence, willing to help and to keep the forum "clean" are good criterions to be an administrator...

- Why do we recruit several adminstrators?
Currently, most of the spam is managed by two persons: Casey Reas and myself, Philippe Lhoste (PhiLho).
Some other admins are busy elsewhere and help more sporadically.
That's not a big amount of work, but with real work, other hobbies, family, sleep, etc., we cannot be present 24/24 7/7 on the forum, so some spam can remain unattended for 12 hours or more.
Not to mention periods of time were we cannot connect, taken by other duties or even plain old holidays far from Internet!
Having more administrators would allow a better continuous presence of people able to remove spam and attend the forum, whatever the occupations of each individual.

- What are the advantages of this status?
Concretely? None! Well, some, like the pleasure to delete spam yourself instead of just reporting it, and to keep the forum tidy.

- What are the obligations of this status?
Well, given the "advantages" we give, I would say... none too!
Clearly, we don't ask you to go everyday on the forum. That's precisely the reason why we want several administrators! If you are too busy, or just don't feel like going there, no problem.
Now, if you accept this status, it means you are willing to fight spam (and to manage/moderate messages), of course, when you visit the forum and see a need. Even if it is only from time to time, it helps already.

- What an adminstrator must do?
In short: delete spam, block spammers, moderate the forum.

The way I do it: I generally inspect the Recent Topics list.
I can often spot a spam from the subject itself, obviously off-topic (Olympics or movies live streams are commonplace these days) or using fragments of sentences. Spammers often send burst of messages in a short time, too.
So I don't even spend time going to the topic, I directly click on the user name, to see their profile.
When in doubt, I click on the first + to expand a post and check the content.
Then I can delete all the message the spammer posted at once. I also check that there isn't any Response.
Then I block the user. We chose to block instead of deleting them to keep track of them.
Another task is to inspect the e-mail notifications of spam. Users often report obvious spam that I already deleted (main threads), but some answers to existing topics might come unnoticed, so these messages are helpful.
Also I check the automated spam reports from Zoho: 9 times out of 10, these are false positives and must be marked as not being spam!

Other administrator tasks (again, not mandatory):
- Delete duplicate messages. Some are accidents (or because user posted in a wrong section and post again elsewhere), some are not.
- Restore threads deleted by users. Not all of them, it is OK if it is deleted before they got an answer, but some threads had lot of responses and must be restored (generally when requested, as the Zoho list doesn't show if a topic had answers or not, alas).
- Move messages obviously in the wrong section. I wrote some rules, but if you are in doubt, just leave the message where it is...

That's most of it.

If you are interested by this task, contact Casey Reas, he will grant you the administrator powers...

Thanks for reading!


amnon.owed
calsign
asimes
quarks
kooogy
tfguy44
