"What does this tell us?  Not much?  No!  The Count's child thought
see nothing, therefore he speak so free.  Your man thought see
nothing.  My man thought see nothing, till just now.  No!  But there
comes another word from some one who speak without thought because
she, too, know not what it mean, what it might mean.  Just as there
are elements which rest, yet when in nature's course they move on
their way and they touch, the pouf!  And there comes a flash of light,
heaven wide, that blind and kill and destroy some.  But that show up
all earth below for leagues and leagues.  Is it not so?  Well, I shall
explain.  To begin, have you ever study the philosophy of crime?
'Yes' and 'No.'  You, John, yes, for it is a study of insanity.  You,
no, Madam Mina, for crime touch you not, not but once.  Still, your
mind works true, and argues not a particulari ad universale.  There is
this peculiarity in criminals.  It is so constant, in all countries
and at all times, that even police, who know not much from philosophy,
come to know it empirically, that it is.  That is to be empiric.  The
criminal always work at one crime, that is the true criminal who seems
predestinate to crime, and who will of none other.  This criminal has
not full man brain.  He is clever and cunning and resourceful, but he
be not of man stature as to brain.  He be of child brain in much.  Now
this criminal of ours is predestinate to crime also.  He, too, have
child brain, and it is of the child to do what he have done.  The
little bird, the little fish, the little animal learn not by
principle, but empirically.  And when he learn to do, then there is to
him the ground to start from to do more.  'Dos pou sto,' said
Archimedes.  'Give me a fulcrum, and I shall move the world!'  To do
once, is the fulcrum whereby child brain become man brain.  And until
he have the purpose to do more, he continue to do the same again every
time, just as he have done before!  Oh, my dear, I see that your eyes
are opened, and that to you the lightning flash show all the leagues,"
for Mrs. Harker began to clap her hands and her eyes sparkled.
